Program's operation:
This program runs using automation. Its operation doesn't require human inputs. In fact, it'll most likely fail should human input be applied.
When starting the program, click on the executable and leave the computer alone. The program will stop itself when the time is 4:30. If the 
program needs to be stopped earlier, close the command prompt (black window). This will also close the generated chrome windows.

KPI file:
In the KPI file, you'll find 4 sections: Workcenter, PrintingNames, Goal, and Inactivity(min). Each section has the same amount of entries.
The amount of entries is equal to the amount of lines that'll be displayed on the board. 
- Workcenter contains all the full names of lines, and these are needed to search up a line's production history on Plex.
- PrintingNames contains all the shorten versions of line names. Not every line can fit their full name on a 3x4 message board, so
this section holds all the names that will be printed out
- Goal contains the quota each line has for the day. If a line doesn't have a quota, that's represented in the file as 0
- Inactivity(min) contains what are essentially time limits for each line. Counting in minutes, it's the amount of
time a line has to produce at least one of their product. No inactivity time limit is represented by a lowercase letter 'x'
If you want to add a line, you must add new entries for it in all the sections.
If you want to remove a line, you must remove all of their corresponding entries from the sections.
Make sure that none of the entry indentifiers (the text on the left side of the equal symbols) are the same. These indentifiers must be
be different or else the program can't read the file in.

Message board:
During the program's operation, the message board will cycle through "pages" for each line/workcenter.
Each page will contain the current time (am/pm can't fit on a 3x4), shortened line name, their current total product, and a quota if present.
All text will start as green. However, if a line doesn't increase their total product within their inactivity time frame, the text will turn red.
It'll stay red until the line produces one more of their product. At this point, the text will revert back to green and the inactivity counter
will reset. If a line has a quota and achieves it, their text will turn blue. Once blue, the text can no longer change to green or red. 
If a line doesn't have a quota, their text will never turn blue.
If a line doesn't have an inactivity time limit, their text will never turn red.

If changes have to be manually made to the board, exit the program because it'd be useless for it to run if human interaction
is required. The login credentials for the board's site is in the python code; but in case you don't want to search for it,
the username is 'admin' and the password is 'administrator'.
